[OSDOCS#17176]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-1 (#114179)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/security-deploy-secrets.adoc

[id="security-deploy-secrets_{context}"]
= Creating secrets and config maps

[role="_abstract"]

> The `Secret` object type provides a mechanism to hold sensitive information such as passwords, {product-title} client configuration files, `dockercfg` files, and private source repository credentials. Secrets decouple sensitive content from pods. You can mount secrets into containers by using a volume plugin or the system can use secrets to perform actions on behalf of a pod.

Reviewer: Too long.

```suggestion
You can use the `Secret` object type to provide a mechanism to hold sensitive information such as passwords, {product-title} client configuration files, `dockercfg` files, and private source repository credentials. Secrets decouple sensitive content from pods. 

You can mount secrets into containers by using a volume plugin or the system can use secrets to perform actions on behalf of a pod.
```

Config maps are similar to secrets, but are designed to support working with strings that do not contain sensitive information. The `ConfigMap` object holds key-value pairs of configuration data that can be consumed in pods or used to store configuration data for system components such as controllers.

> For example, to add a secret to your deployment so that it can access a private image repository, do the following:

Reviewer: I see this is existing text. But, it should be fixed. 

```suggestion
For example, to add a secret to your deployment so that it can access a private image repository, use the following procedure.
```
